Documentation: update to prepare DPF Server 2023_2_pre1 release (#883)
pyansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/user_guide/getting_started_with_dpf_server.rst

.. _target_installing_server:

#. Download the ``ansys_dpf_server_win_v2023.2.pre1.zip`` or ``ansys_dpf_server_lin_v2023.2.pre1.zip`` file as appropriate.
#. Unzip the package.

> #. Optional: download any other plugin ZIP file as appropriate and unzip the package. For example, to access ``composites`` plugin for Linux, 
>    download ``ansys_dpf_composites_lin_v2023.2.pre1.zip`` and unzip the package next to ``ansys_dpf_server_lin_v2023.2.pre1.zip``.
> #. Change to the root folder (``ansys_dpf_server_win_v2023.2.pre1``) of the unzipped package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Optional: download any other plugin ZIP file as appropriate and unzip the package. For example, to access the ``composites`` plugin for Linux, 
   download ``ansys_dpf_composites_lin_v2023.2.pre1.zip`` and unzip the package in the same location as ``ansys_dpf_server_lin_v2023.2.pre1.zip``.
#. Change to the root folder (``ansys_dpf_server_win_v2023.2.pre1``) of the unzipped package. 
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DPF server can be run in a Docker container.

#. Along with the ``ansys_dpf_server_lin_v2023.2.pre1.zip`` file mentioned earlier
   in :ref:`Install DPF Server <target_installing_server>`, download the ``Dockerfile`` file.

> #. Optional: download any other plugin ZIP file as appropriate. For example, to access ``composites`` plugin for Linux, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Optional: download any other plugin ZIP file as appropriate. For example, to access the ``composites`` plugin for Linux, 
```
